Welcome to Jump61.  Below is a list of commands:

clear: Abandons the current game (if one is in progress), and clears the board to its initial
	   conﬁguration (all squares neutral). Playing stops until the next start command. 

start: Start playing from the current position, if not doing so already (has no effect if 
	   currently playing).  Takes moves alternately from Red and Blue according to their color.

quit: Exits the program

auto <P>: Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player P to be
	     played by an automated player (an AI) on subsequent moves. The value P must be “red”
 	     or “blue”. Initially, Blue is an automated player.
      
manual <P>: Stops the current game until the next start command and causes player P to
	       take moves from the terminal on subsequent moves. The value of P is as for the auto
           command. Initially, Red is a manual player.

size <N>: 	Stops any current game, clears the board to its initial conﬁguration, and sets the
		 	size of the board to N squares. Initially, N = 6.

move <N>: 	Stop any current game, set the number of the next move N. You usually use this
		 	command after setting up an initial position (with set commands.) Initially, the number
		 	of the next move is 1.
		 
set <R C N P>: Stop any current game. Put N spots at row R and column C. P
              is either "b" or "r" (for blue or red,) indicating the color of the square. 
              When N is 0, P is ignored and the square is cleared.
              
dump:         Prints out the current state of the board.

seed <N>:      Sets the random seed to N.

verbose:     Shows the board at the end of each move (save as dump)

quiet:        Stops showing the board at the end of each move

prev:        Lists the previous commands made.


<R> <C> : 	  Adds a spot to the square at row R, column C, where R and C are integers in the range
		      1 to the current board size. Rows are numbered from the top, columns from the left.






